of interviews, secure Union United States Senator S. C. F. Senator, this crime investigating
committees have you happened around the country?
Yes, Charlotte.
The government's normal views are remembered in the Senate.
The crime investigating took me to Miami, Florida, and New York City during the week.
One of you know how I've just a graduating class of middle Tennessee State University's
class of middle Tennessee State College and medical school Friday night and attended the
U.D.A. Cumberland Rift River Power Conference in Davidson, Saudi on Saturday.
And I happen to know Senator that you visited the President at the White House Thursday and
address the Atlantic Union convention the same day.
So I would say that you've been a very busy man, not that you're being busy as an exceptional
thing.
But Charlotte during the week we had a very unique occurrence here in Washington.
The Secretary of State Mr. Dean's absence appeared before the members of Congress, and an
informal report in question and answer here.
He appeared at the library in the auditorium in the library of funds.
As far as I know, this is the first time a cabinet member has subjected himself to indistrimal
questioning any of the members and all of the members of Congress and the Senate.
Before five years ago, did you propose something like this and if you thought that?
Yes, I did, Charlie.
I've been proposing something like this for quite a number of years.
Now, proposal was to request and invite the cabinet members and other agencies ahead to appear
before Congress on floor of Congress while the court and questioning at regular periods.
The appearance of Secretary Arthur Schumer, of course, was voluntary and his own suggestion.
I think the system employed in the British Parliament, whereby the various government leaders come
before the legislative branch and submit the questions, is very good.
As matters now stand, we in Congress find ourselves attending on newspapers and radio reports
for the bulk of our information. Congress could do a much better job if it had accurate information
from time to time, straight from the mouth of the official directly involved.
However, I'm glad to see at least once happen at office or adopted this to see if you're on an unofficial basis.
And perhaps others will follow suit.
Well, as a matter of fact, Senator Keith Harvard, did you suggest this procedure to Secretary Arthur Schumer
as a means of improving his congressional relations?
Well, let's just say that I suggested to the Secretary that it might be a very good idea.
The Senator, I'll through the report of Secretary Arthur Schumer.
I notice references to the federal ratings of the Atlantic community.
Is the State Department, at long last, coming around to hear proposal for an Atlantic consideration?
Well, I think not Charlie, they're coming around part of the way, but not in the way that I hope they would.
Although our international policy is taking definite steps in line with the Atlantic Union plan,
nevertheless, we still persist in following the traditional European diplomatic system.
In short, America is in such strong position of leadership
as the other Atlantic nations are under compulsion to follow our lead.
Our proposal for an Atlantic Federation visits visualizes a departure from the usual diplomatic system
and the application of the American principles of the Federation with the consent of the people.
In other words, we would federate through the people.
Our State Department receives the sake of solution to our problem with alliances of governments.
At the present time, the main theme of our uniting with other democracies under the North Atlantic Act
is to spend against war. The principal theme of Federation about pure Atlantic Federation would be the touch of teams.
The North Atlantic Act is predicated on a fleet, it comes.
Any Atlantic Federation or Union would be based on law, and you can see how vast the difference.
Secretary Adjison is reviving the very thing that our great Tennessee and former Secretary Kordell Ho
sought to vanish in 1943.
Judge Mal, returning from the North's cabinet mission following an agreement to enter the United States, United Nations organization,
there would be no need for spheres of influence or alliances of power, or any of the mechanism through which nations
sought to preserve themselves and to progress in process.
Here, Mr. Adjison, just six and a half years later, we're speaking in terms of an online, in terms of a balanced power between Russia and the East and America and the West.
I'm the first to contend that we and America must unite and work out with our common problems with other democracies.
But as we seek strength through unity, I think it should be accomplished by law through the American method of federation.
A method that has proven 100% successful every time it has been tried.
We have failed every time in the past, seeking to solve our peace problems with the Alliance method.
Rather than saying, if our first you don't succeed, try again, I would suggest that we say, if at first we don't succeed, by another method.
I wish that I might advise our friends and kind of see that the promises of Secretary Adjison are worthy of our hopes.
Unfortunately, I cannot bring myself to do so.
I wish from the bottom of my heart that Mr. Adjison was on the right road with the proper methods.
But this requires that at the incorrectness of this procedure.
Speaking of procedures, Senator P. Father, there has been no little comment concerning the request for an additional three-year extension of the draft,
and we haven't been using the draft for some time now.
What is the part in going to the extent of keeping the Selected Services in operation when our armed services are not utilized?
Well, try not to time the question because Secretary of Defense Lewis Johnson has to pass before our extended armed services.
And it has just passed seriously on this very question.
Secretary Johnson said it was a unanimous discussion about all of our military leaders, such as most of the extended.
He showed us the effect of the extension of the standby law in 1948.
At that time, Chuckles of Vatia had fallen to the commandant, France was waving, yet listening to those communists and the impending election,
Jugo Slavios, here firmly under Stokes-Soviet orbit of influence.
And as the Western world looked to America for hope and leadership, they were startled to a very vast shrinking military power.
But when Congress passed the standby draft law of 1948, some significant things went by.
The ambassador to Moscow reported our action, but the sundry was shot to the front.
The communists lost the Italian election. Jugo Slavios became more independent of Russia and so on.
I think our decision to keep ourselves strong was at least one factor in stopping the spread of communism in Western Europe at that time.
To ask you a question, however, Charlie, it is true that in many months of the life of this law that no young men have been drafted.
Mr. Secretary Johnson gave four reasons for keeping the law on the book.
First, the possible effect of broad about failure to extend the standby draft law.
He felt that our failure to act might be interpreted as an indication that we do not consider the international situation serious.
This statement is always covered in the complexity of democracy, you know.
After the saving of precious time, it is an emergency arrive which requires immediate injustice.
Mr. Secretary Johnson pointed out that there are no nations to protect us now while we get ready for war as there has always been in the past.
The estimated, it would take seven months to get our collective service system in full action.
And that if we cut it in readiness, a lightning at two of machines with a motor idling, that we could be conducting 300,000, one a month and 90 days.
But it will first us about 11 million annually to keep our draft law motor idling, Charlie.
But that's only one ten to our military budget. The amount of money is still little compared to the rest of the country.
Only one percent of our military budget and this amount of money is still little compared with the most precious of all of war times and modesty's time is more short-term.
It's so important reasons where the voluntary enlistment will come easier if we have a standby draft law and that it would assist the reserve forces with religious intervention, which is reduction of manpower and dollar demands of the regular armed services.
The energy did Secretary Johnson mention any recent advances bearing on the prospects of war?
Yes he did. He referred to the announcement that Russia had exploded in atomic bombs, the fall of China to communism, the very serious situation in Southeast Asia.
The break-and-ducklymatic relations with Belgeria, as well as our deteriorating relations with other Russian-style life countries.
Russian pressure in Germany and pre-Upset, the Russian control of armed forces and forces, expansion of the Soviet fleet, and of course the attack on our aircraft and the boat.
The Secretary on Saturday there was a great public expression of support for the inclusion of the coming of the river basin in the TDA system. What are your comments about that?
That was a Chinese saying that it happened in many a day's time. The meeting at Madison Tennessee was certainly very tense.
As you know, representatives first decreased in eye and had a bill pending in San Jose for about two years.
It had not been previously been a great deal of agitation done in the area of Southeast Asia.
As for the most post-autistic bill that passed without any trouble, but those who are against any further expansion of public power have not been and are not added.
We need public support of an active nature in support of our efforts. The meeting at Madison was a fine example of our needs.
People cannot leave their future if they are elected representatives after elected. There is a continuing responsibility to support our future in that effort.
It is difficult to keep in mind our power reaching there that Madison may prove in the fight between public power and public power.
To our reach-top in consideration it appeared that it was fair that the coming of not being developed for multiple specifically at the Tennessee River Road.
With the South, it continues to expand and defend itself, and particularly at Tennessee, it is going to move ahead.
We reach the maximum of power development on the Tennessee and move to the Pacific Coast.
Additional power must come either from the Tennessee Steam Plant or from the development of the coming and river.
Steam Plant give us electricity and nothing more.
The development of the coming will provide our people with navigation, flexing tools and other benefits as well as cheap public power.
Our dollar meeting coming into the one Saturday of Madison will be held so that the people can let the Congress know of our interest in this project.
The Senator now that June is rolled around, we begin to think and wonder about it here in the Senate.
The fellow told me the other day that the rule is, the Congress of Garns, when the humidity, equals, is cute, isn't it?
Well, I hope you smile when you said that, Charlie, but, seriously, however, it does seem that we might see up our legislative machinery and not spend the terrible number of months in Washington.
It would be much more attractive as I'm concerned to be fishing on one of the TVA lakes.
But the Senate is way behind the house and its progress, and I suppose we will remain here until that program is completed.
What unfinished business remains on the agenda?
Well, let's see, as the appropriations bill which will require a great deal of work in the state, we're considering all of the appropriations in one bill in this session.
That's the first time you hear the damage, I believe.
Yeah, that's right. Usually we consider about 15 or 50 thousand successfully.
The social security extension bill hasn't been considered, because the disaster in far-distance funds, the military assistance to the Atlantic Customation.
We have done nothing on tax production and, of course, our disaster extension law, we discussed earlier in this report.
We're in control of small business legislation, we'll come into a little discussion.
And our several minor farm bills that we'll like to do at the Arctic Customs Emergency.
That's an imposing list, Senator. What is here is prediction about it, Gary.
Well, unless there's some things I would say is maybe closer to the first December than to the first of all.
Thank you, Senator, for asking people out. Ladies and gentlemen, you have just heard another in the series of reports from your Senator's Office in Washington.
Until next week at this main period on this day, Senator Keith's office will return with his next report.
If he's got any needs, say, so long as he's now, from your Senator's Office in the United Nations Capitol.
Here's your note.
Oh, it's a ban. But 50 got up, that's too slow.
So, I'll follow this public.
Yes, thank you.
I love to come to work with you.
It's going to be easy to do.
I'll be back in a minute.